README for SDL_Perl-2.1.0

What's New in 2.1.0:

SDL Perl 2.1.0 brings a bit more stability to the SDL Perl 2.x.x
branch.  In addition to working OpenGL support, smarter tests,
and a few minor bug fixes, SDL Perl 2.1.0 greatly improves the
SMPEG video support.  

The 2.x.x branch brings support for SDL-1.2.x, faster internals,
and lower memory requirements.  The build system has also been
modified to use the new Module::Build system.  

WARNING This version is API incompatible with SDL Perl 1.x.x WARNING

Unfortunately, these changes mean that apps built for earlier
versions of SDL Perl will require some modifications.  Please
contact us with any bugs at sdl-devel@perl.org.

Prerequisites:

SDL Perl recommends installing the following libraries available
from http://www.libsdl.org/ prior to installing:

	SDL-1.2.6
	smpeg-0.4.4
	SDL_image-1.2.2
	SDL_gfx-2.0.3
	SDL_mixer-1.2.5
	SDL_net-1.2.4
	SDL_ttf-2.0.5

Additionally the following Perl modules should be installed:

	Module-Build-0.22
	Test-Simple-0.47

Installation:

	perl Build.PL
	./Build
	./Build test
	./Build install

The build process will use the new Module::Build facility
to autodetect and build SDL Perl for your platform.  If
the build fails please forward bugs to sdl-devel@perl.org.

Documentation:

Each module now includes its own documentation, and 
is accessible through perldoc.  Additional tutorials,
code, and tips can be found at the website:

	http://sdl.perl.org

Online documentation and tutorials are available through
perldoc module.  

Contributing:

Anyone wishing to contribute modules, sprite engines, documentation,
and anything else that others might find useful, please join
the mailing list:

	sdl-devel@perl.org

This is a mailing list for those interested in SDLperl development,
both as an applications developer, and as a core contributor.

I am always more than happy to take patches, bug reports, and
helpful suggestions.  It is feedback, both good and poor, that
keeps projects like this going.

Enjoy,

David J. Goehrig <dgoehrig@cpan.org>
23 Feb 2004

